Hey, Ma.
Hey, you guys...
...I think we haven't been paying
enough attention to Lucky.
Who's Lucky?
Any guy who goes out on a date
with Kelly.
Well, hasn't anyone else noticed
that he seems kind of depressed?
Well, what makes you think
something like that?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Now, easy. Easy now.
- I'm going, I'm-
- Watch it.
- We're gonna have so much fun...
...with this damn thing, Bud.
Watch it. You're gonna nick
the side of the box.
You are never gonna get
that big, stupid thing in here.
That's what I said when I carried you
over the threshold.
Hi, neighbours. Look, we brought you
some things to munch-
- Hey. Hey.
- Watch it. I'll kill you for that!
Told you we should've used
the feed pole.
Well, enjoy. And there's plenty more
where that came from.
All you have to do is stay inside
the entire weekend, okay?
Why?
Well, my cousin Mandy
is coming for a visit.
And how can I put this nicely?
I don't want her
to be repulsed by you.
You know, not that you're repulsive.
Enough said.
But, you know, it's been years
since I've seen Mandy...
...and we were once very close.
In fact, we're identical.
So she's as obnoxious as you?
Identical cousins.
There's no such thing.
Well, sure there is.
Samantha and Serena,
Patty and Cathy.
Exactly.
We walk alik e, we talk alik e
Sometimes we even something alik e
So there's another one out there
exactly like you?
Well, not exactly.
I am a little prettier.
If she's the pretty one,
imagine what the cousin looks like.
Do you see I'm trying to eat here?
Watch it now. Watch it now. Watch it.
He fakes, he shoots, he scores!
I win again.
Relax, Dad. It's just foosball.
Just foosball, son?
This is the greatest invention
ever made.
Edward Foos
was a boy with a dream.
A dream to invent a game
that everyone can enjoy...
...no matter how out of shape
or drunk you are.
The boy's not right, Peg.
I knew that the day we dropped him
on his head and he didn't scream.
- Hi, I'm Man-
- Nice wig, Marce.
Hey, Peg, look here. The fifth Beatle.
I'm not Marcy.
I'm Mandy, Marcy's cousin.
You and Marcy
really do look alike.
You think so?
I know I'm no supermodel...
...but I never really thought
I looked like a chicken.
I like her.
Marcy and Jefferson
went to meet you at the airport.
Well, my flight was early,
so I took a cab.
- You mind if I wait here?
- No, not at all. Not at all.
Of course, here in the Windy City...
...it's customary to tip people
who let you into their home.
You must be Al.
Sadly, he must.
Hey, foosball. You any good?
Is your cousin flat-chested?
Oh, score!
I'm ahead.
Lucky shot. That was a lucky shot.
- Now can I play?
- Not now, Peg.
Score! I win.
We couldn't find my cousin at-
- Mandy!
- Marcy!
- You look great.
- So do you.
What are you doing here?
We didn't go out. She came in.
Which reminds me, we're-
We're out of onion dip.
Mandy, this is my Jefferson.
Don't you wish you had one
just like him?
You mean
there's another one of him too?
Wow, you're even better looking
than Marcy said.
Oh, so are you.
Honey, why did you say
you were the pretty one?
Come on now.
We're right in the middle of a game.
Marcy...
...if you guys are identical,
how come she has...?
Implants.
Really?
Not that I like...
...big, luscious breasts.
They just get in the way.
Those pills the vet gave Lucky
really have pepped him up.
Don't you think
that he's a little bit too hyper?
No. No, he's fine.
Hey, he's burying a bone.
You know, we should give
some of those pills to Mom.
I did. How do you think
she got off the couch?
- Hey.
- Hi. Hi, Peggy.
I got your bonbons.
Guess what. I am making Jefferson
his favourite supper tonight.
- Why?
- Because if a wife doesn't do it...
...then some other woman might
come along and steal him away.
Even someone you least expect,
you know, like a cousin.
You know, a cousin that all the boys
like best because she's such fun.
Boys like Jimmy Miller, who showed
Mandy his baseball cards...
...and played keep away
with little Marcy's undershirt.
Marcy, I'm really worried.
Maybe we shouldn't have let Mandy
spend the day with Al and Jefferson.
Why, Peggy Bundy.
If I didn't know better,
I'd say you were jealous.
What a game.
- What was the final score?
- Thirty-seven to 14.
That doesn't sound
like a baseball score.
It's not. That's how many beers
and hot dogs we had...
...before we decided
to pants Jefferson.
Yeah, you kidders.
Luckily, it was Souvenir Towel Day
at the ballpark.
Hey, Marce, got you a T-shirt.
- Keep away!
- Keep away from Marcy!
Mandy! Mandy! Mandy!
- Mandy! Mandy!
You guys are so immature!
Give it back or I'm telling.
Hey, look what Jefferson gave me.
He caught a foul ball.
Well, actually, it was a home-run ball,
but, you know, no big deal.
He's been trying to catch one
of those his whole life. Excuse me.
Al, new deal.
How would you like
a nice juicy pot roast for supper?
With those little potatoes?
And biscuits and gravy...
What do I gotta do?
All you have to do
is keep Mandy away from Jefferson...
...until she leaves tomorrow.
I can do that.
Mandy, you wanna stay
for dinner tonight?
Jefferson and I need a little
alone time. Come on, honey.
Wait, you know, I think I'll just stay
and hang out with Mandy.
Or I could come now.
Hey, Peg...
...how would you like a pot roast
dinner tonight with all the fixings?
- Where are we going?
- The kitchen.
I'm not cooking.
I'll do it. I love to cook.
Why can't you be
more like Mandy, Peg?
She likes foosball, baseball...
...she likes to cook.
She's just like a wife...
...but fun.
So marry her.
How about it, Mandy?
Me and you in Vegas...
...a honeymoon
at football fantasy camp.
- It sounds fun, Al, but I'm involved.
- Yeah?
- Who's the lucky guy?
- Barbara.
Barbara?
Well, that sounds like he might
be a little light in the loafers, huh?
Well, actually, she's a little heavy
in the construction boots.
She?
Yes. Al, I'm gay.
Gay?
I can see that you're shocked, Al.
Why do you think I went with you
to the Jiggly Room?
I thought you were being
a good sport.
Why do you think I was blowing kisses
to all the strippers?
I thought you were aiming at me
and missing.
Did any of them kiss back?
But not Lolla, huh?
Of course not. Lolla's a guy.
- What? What?
- Calm down, Al.
That can't be.
How did a thing like this
happen to you?
What, did you get stood up
for the prom...
...or you went to prison?
I know. It was
summer camp, wasn't it?
You sprained
a muscle skinny-dipping...
...and the beautiful,
blond counsellor-
Let's call her Betty.
- carried you back to her cabin
and gave you a massage.
And before you knew it...
...you were a love slave
in an all-girl sex cult.
Yeah, that's what happened.
You saw that in a video,
didn't you, Al?
Yeah. My favourite.
Mine too.
So you don't have a problem
with two women being together?
No.
As long as there's a guy watching.
Well, I've told everyone in the family
except for Marcy.
- How do you think she's gonna take it?
- Are you crazy?
She's done a lot weirder sex stuff
than that.
I shouldn't be surprised.
She used to have to pay boys
to kiss her.
She still does.
So, Al, has your little friend
finally gone home...
...or do you want her to sleep over?
Peg, you don't have to worry
about Mandy.
Why? Because you only
have eyes for me?
No.
No, Peg...
...Mandy's gay.
- She is?
- Yes, Peg.
I'm surprised you couldn't pick it up.
I never miss a thing like that.
Gaydar.
Good thing the vet took Lucky
off those puppy uppers.
Yesterday he was chasing cars
and passing them.
Well, the vet said that the pills
were just masking his pain.
I think he's depressed
because he's lonely.
So I set up this little date for him.
Kelly, only an idiot
would help a dog to date.
I'm Bud.
I'll be your waiter this evening.
Hey, Elaine. Hey, Frisky.
Frisky, that's Lucky.
And this is loser.
- Hi, Kelly.
- Hi.
Bye, Kelly.
So Frisky and Lucky.
Let's hope
that also describes their owners.
I can't believe
you went to so much trouble.
I love that you love your dog
this much.
We want to do whatever it takes
to get our furry little friends together.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'll be more gentle.
That wasn't me.
No, I don't make that noise until later.
Lucky, be nice. She's company.
Your dog doesn't like my dog
very much.
Sure he does.
He's just playing hard to get.
Okay, so she's not your type.
Can't you just close your eyes
and pretend she's Lassie?
It's worked for me.
I can't believe how rude your dog is.
Me neither. I'll have him put to sleep.
We'll just play with your dog.
I have a better idea.
Why don't you play with yourself?
- Al, get the door.
- I'm trying to, Peg.
Well, so much for honesty.
What, she kicked you out?
Well, not right away.
First she started screaming...
...and babbling something
about an undershirt.
I hate to impose,
but can I crash on your couch?
Well, that depends.
Won't turn it gay, will it?
- No, I don't think so, Al.
- Just checking.
Well, I better get on upstairs.
I trust you're enough of a lady
not to whistle...
...at my tight little behind
as I go up the stairs.
- Al, I told you, I'm gay.
- That may well be...
...but there are some things
no woman can resist.
Hey, Mandy, I have a question.
Do you just like certain women?
Or would you sleep
with any woman on Earth...
...before you'd sleep with a man?
Well, it depends.
Give me a "for instance. "
For instance...
...you're on a desert island.
Who would you rather be with,
me or Cindy Crawford?
Cindy.
Me...
- ... or Phyllis Diller?
- Phyllis.
Me...
...or Marge Schott?
You. But the whole time
we'd be doing it...
...I'd be thinking of Phyllis Diller.
- Al, get the door.
- Yes, my queen.
Oh, Jefferson,
what the hell do you want?
A place to sleep.
Hey, wait a minute. What-?
What are you two doing down here
together in your pyjamas?
I thought you were gay.
I am.
- Does Peggy know about this?
- Peggy sent me down here.
You people are...
...sick.
Yes, we are, Jefferson. Sick enough
to turn your head into a gravy boat...
...if you don't get out of here.
I can't leave.
Marcy's mad at me just because
I called out Mandy's name in bed.
Excuse me.
You know, for a lesbian,
you sure spend a lot of time with men.
And what are you doing here
in your pyjamas?
Oh, I'm sorry, Peggy.
Marcy kicked me out.
And she threw away our ball.
Al Bundy, this is all your fault.
- Why is it all my fault?
- It just is. Get up.
I want you to go to Marcy's...
...and tell her to get her relatives
out of my house.
Oh, that's a good idea, Peg.
Because when I see Marcy
in her pyjamas, I'll have a seizure.
On my way to the hospital,
between the blaring of the sirens...
...and the paramedics yelling " Clear,"
maybe then I can get some sleep.
Hate Mandy. Hate Mandy.
Hate Mandy.
- Hate her. Hate her. Hate her.
- Marcy.
What are you doing up here?
Oh, you know me. Can't keep me out
of a shrill woman's bedroom.
- Go home.
- I'd like to.
But my living room is full of women,
men and your cousin.
Why is that, Marcy?
Because I hate Mandy,
and I never wanna speak to her again.
That's understandable. No one
should have to speak with family.
If I were king, I'd make it a law.
You're the tree-hugging bra-burner
around here.
What do you care if she's gay?
I don't hate Mandy
because she's gay.
I hate Mandy because everyone
likes her better than me!
All our lives,
Mandy was the talented one.
Mandy was the popular one.
And the pretty one?
She stole all my boyfriends,
and now I've found out...
...she didn't even want them!
Why does everyone like her
better than me?
Well, for starters, she never
blew her nose in my pyjama top.
I know I'm not perfect,
but I do have some good qualities.
Sure, if you say so.
- Name one?
- Oh, jeez, I don't know.
Well, you've got
a high school diploma...
...and you never let your eyebrows
grow together.
Perfect height for a lawn jockey.
Wait a minute. I got it.
I'll bet you're the reasonable one.
- Me?
- Yes.
You're big enough
and wise enough...
...to sit down with Mandy-
Over here.
and talk this thing out.
Yeah. Yeah, you're right, Al.
I am the reasonable one.
- Al?
- Yeah?
Are we alone together in my bedroom
hugging in the middle of the night?
See you at the All-Star Game.
One more game of foosball?
I'd love to, Al, but Marcy's waiting
to take me to the airport.
Oh, yes. And we wouldn't want Mandy
to miss her plane.
You know, Peg, I'm really sorry...
...that we didn't get to know
one another better.
I think I know enough.
Well, there's one thing
you may not know.
- Oh, really?
- Yep.
I think you're gorgeous.
Oh, really?
Don't be a stranger.
Remember, she was my friend first.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, guess what.
Lucky's not depressed anymore.
Found a little friend in the park.
His name's Spike.
I think they're in love.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org